this video is made possible by the
following cuties you can check out the
gear they provide to me in the
description below so picture the scene
ladies and gentlemen I'm chillin out in
my luxurious [__]
having my fourteenth morning coffee of
the day when this pops in to my messages
[Music]
it's the first time I've been smacked
off by a nine-year-old actually judging
from some of the comments on YouTube
maybe not and of course I am more than
willing to take on this challenge it
seems like it's gonna be a lot of fun
and sound looks pretty damn quick so
actually heard from the footage that
unfortunately I can't show the footage
because of YouTube's very weird rules
around showing children on video Sam is
a nine year old dirt rally protege
prodigy protege I could talk sharp and
he's been going around challenging
people with far better rallying
credentials than me such as of course
David Higgins but now it's my turn to
face the what seems to be quite
incredible talent of this nine-year-old
kid so the challenge is as follows are
to take an r5 car I think Sam used a
Skoda so I'm going to go for the same
car just to try and keep it nice and
fair and nice and level and I have to
drive through the ledge no stage in
Poland faster then free minutes 1 second
0.796 the kicker is that I only get five
attempts at trying this which of course
includes kind of practicing and learning
the stage and also I've never driven
dirt Riley 2.0 on this rig so I'm gonna
get my excuse out the way Ison there
clearly it should be a ton of fun and
I'm looking forward to it so I guess
let's go see if a nine-year-old can't
beat me at rally 2.0 it's looking it's
not looking good for me right now I can
tell you that so for what I can tell
from Sam's video it's quite a quick
stage this I don't know it at all I
haven't driven for a while again excuses
coming in so
I'm gonna use my first run as a bit of a
recce and then try and push for time
after that I reckon also attempt to set
up a guy I don't know if Sam's done
anything so I'm gonna just leave it on
the standard setup and hope for the best
Ronen here we go I'm using my sequential
shifter as my handbrake because the
handbrake doesn't quite work properly
and I'm using paddles in the back here
for gear shift so although the wheel
isn't actually round which might be
scary at some point hopefully we should
be good anyway let's get on with it
shall we do first time through you
oh it's been a while since I've driven
this what kind of feels okay
it is nice bit sketching a straight line
got run listen to i'll fill a bit
otherwise I'm gonna end up business very
quickly the fun side Oh God
was it happen where's it happen I was
down here okay round the bails don't
worry about it easy game
what's up look on a hunt on I don't know
what gear I'm in happen to guess at the
moment more excuses but these are five
cars a rapid oh no right way people ow
it's okay what you're seeing right now
is a vast weight saving technique I've
just shaved off you know 1020 pounds off
my car way here only very advanced
strats here on this channel
sharp Jimmy go wonder how far off I'm
gonna be with that take tags on all
tarmac good tan active the piers and
then proceed to power roll oh god damn
it Jimmy
[Music]
we're coming
so basically what I'm gonna do on these
later runs that he listened to my code
dry I think that'll be helpful so it's a
301 point seven is what we're aiming for
I feel like we're already quite a way
off that coming up to two minutes thirty
now is still sector to go or sexual a
bit to go well there's three or one
point seven we're way by that luckily
I've got four more attempts of this okay
so a free thirty-one only thirty seconds
off on our first attempt but that was
our recce the recce where we destroy our
cars I don't know we can go quicker now
right jumping straight back in I'm gonna
be a bit quieter on this run and see if
I can hear the co-driver a bit better
hopefully that helps actually hear
corners step of shooting into crowds
Mustang SAR god this car is quick quick
quick
back was handy
that's my ghost oh my god I did the same
thing I'm overrun you can see ahead that
goes too slow trying to survive you can
do it boy by watching my son drive by no
the sun's gonna meet an untimely end
soon and there it goes he ain't gonna be
rush hour freeze oh my god all those
like cress all the blind stuff really
messes me up okay we made it so those
are the parts that we struggled in the
last time through was really slow so
hopefully we can get some time back now
oh god just using that the the house tap
strap there it's a bit slow for this
last part of why I think so there's
still more time to be had I'm not sure
how much more time I would have gained
back having not crunched twice but we're
about thirty seconds behind so that's
what we're really looking for in the
Delta we should get a split time here
seventeen seconds up okay that's not
thirty Pak Pak Pak Pak Pak Pak Pak Pak
Pak Pak Pak keep it going keep it going
keep it going keep it going keep it lit
keep it lit
where's the road there the sim racer
strats let's keep your footing
don't worry about any consequence just
3:12 we're still like 10 seconds 11
seconds off all this ain't looking good
boys they ain't looking good okay
tap number free and we still have like
11 seconds to find so hopefully we can
have the god run now
[Music]
six right of a crest 50 smooth movements
six left I felt better through there
strand make sure the car doesn't
pendulum as much fingers where I'm
losing a lot of my time over old Sammy
boy they are making some ground now sick
but a lot a lot better this run can we
hit the right part of Bank beds to
survive No
Oh God still good heck heck I got
signposted nah it was all going so well
man okay we'll see what we're still
ahead the white goes so it shows how
much time we have
we're running out of attempts though
we're still a second nearly two seconds
up man that's terrible
I'm so bad oh man that's the frail one
we're getting closer if we had not at
that signpost man we can about this I
reckon what was this fear 7.1 I reckon
if I don't do stupid stuff I might be
able to do this this is a fast time this
is this is quick I'm looking at oil
toughest bet since gonna get ya alright
I'll beat this but may I'm kidding I've
have to work for this where I attempt
for we're running out of attempts now
I've gotta get this done soon okay this
is the one keep on it everywhere you'll
be fine
[Music]
the first item that had been almost
properly so even ahead of our really
decent start last time which is good I'm
gonna really focus on getting the tarmac
transition right now that's a ghost the
quicker for it we know happens to him I
mean that's not great but it's better
than the signpost cake the smash in the
car through there
to really concentrate for this use your
chatty chatty bastard doing these things
but I'm really having to focus on what
I'm doing for seconds that's not quite
enough come on no that's only water so
keep it pinned over here 1.7 of me half
a second off now oh it's all or nothing
for the last attempt I've got to find
just over half a second I think just
under half a second here this is gonna
be I'm what I'm gonna talk through so
I'm gonna just sharp you're gonna see
the whole thing and God come on guys I
can't lose so as you can probably tell
by now I did the big stupid nobody
noticed it on my last attempt of trying
to beat this time and that is that I
picked the wrong fecking car for the
first four runs luckily I caught it by
the last run but it kind of means that
all my attempts before them were just
completely null and void so and you
really had one do-or-die attempt right
at the very end so yeah I made things a
little bit tricky for myself right so
I'm not gonna lie like I'm at it right
now having to redo this but it has to be
fair I can't just drive a fast car and
claim victory it's got to be fair so
let's see how we do in the r5 car
[Music]
six words of address 30 flat white and 5
left of a crest 126 left of a crest very
long 60
[Music]
six left of a jump opens long 80
six right to the crest 50
[Music]
6:32 camping right her own bails
six left not a bad start so you can
definitely tell the difference between
this and the mm car this is a little bit
look with this agile still fairly quick
low the gearing could be longer can be
bent
junk
[Music]
I'd see Oregon
opens 30 she's in the gear to get the
car turn there
[Music]
dog
hit default right now
[Music]
the consumer Christ
eighty of oppressed and slow unseen turn
one
200 right entry chicane
[Music]
six left I know that one good complete
you crunch the front in there hope you
haven't got a puncher
[Music]
that's all coming apart
come on Jimmy
[Music]
or at least OpenScape middle of a jump
to jump into something caution
- right keep it bed I think I deserve I
go through there
[Music]
get to fight next
oh it's gonna be close I reckon I was
gonna have me I think
[Music]
oh just go in the end there you go there
you go
just got there three minutes point two
sorry Sam I messed up the end so much
but that was my only attempt in the r5
car after my four attempts in the mm car
so it's up to you whether you still
think I give the win there or not but I
only just got there only just and I was
sending that car over pretty much
everything you can really tell the
difference in speed between this and the
2000s car I always have to really push
there and there was one point where I
think I was on two wheels and not really
knowing where I was going but somehow
got back to the stage in one piece but
there you go
complete luck there but guys I really
hope you enjoyed this video even though
I kind of messed it up a little bit so
please be nice to me if we did enjoy the
video though paint feel free to hit that
like button and hit subscribe to be
notified of future videos like this and
live streams in the future and of course
go and subscribe to Sam he is the reason
why this video is odd why it exists go
check him out or a description immensely
talented young man I'm sure a couple
years time who we running rings around
all of us and they were going to take
care have an awesome day
thank you to my patrons of sponsors I'll
see you all next time bye
[Music]